docs: fix typos (#18671)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/tap_hold.md

#define TAPPING_TERM 200
```

> This setting is defined in milliseconds and does default to 200ms.  This is a good average for the majority of people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting is defined in milliseconds and defaults to 200ms. This is a good average for the majority of people.
```
